♪
[TSUKINA] You wanna take over
the temple someday?
Really, Yuzuki?
[giggling]
Yeah!
Running a temple
can be quite difficult.
Why would you want to do that?
Well, it's because I...
[laughs]
[YUZUKI] Akagami and I
haven't spoken at all
since that day.
[YUZUKI]
Never mind!
All of this has nothing
to do with you!
[YUZUKI] Is he mad at me?
Of course, he must be.
[sighs]
I should just apologize.
Yeah. I will.
Akagami's a good guy.
I'm sure he'll forgive me.
[AKAGAMI]
Oh, man. Thank you so much.
-[woman laughing]
-[YUZUKI] I hear his voice.
[TSUKUYO]
It's fine, really!
Just don't lose it again, okay?
[AKAGAMI]
I won't. I'll be careful.
[Tsukuyo laughs]
Let me know if you if you need
me to show you how to use it.
-[AKAGAMI] Thanks again.
-[TSUKUYO] It's no problem!
[YUZUKI]
What am I doing?
I have no reason
to be running away!
[Yuzuki screams]
Huh.
[birds chirping]
[AKAGAMI] Looks like decent
job opportunities
are few and far
between this early in the year.
[AKAGAMI] Fine! If it's got
nothing to do with me,
I guess I'm free to do
what I want!
[AKAGAMI] That was pretty
childish of me, wasn't it?
Right! I'll talk to her today
and patch things up!
[YUZUKI]
Oh, hey! Good morning!
[gasps]
Yeah, good morning.
Let's get out there
and do our best today!
Sure.
[grunting and screaming]
No! Yuzuki!
[YUZUKI] Just wanted
to immerse myself in Buddhism!
[AKAGAMI]
Are you all right?
[YUZUKI]
Totally fine!
Don't worry about it.
[AKAGAMI]
Um, Yuzuki?
I wanted to talk to you.
[KIKI]
One moment.
-Kiki?
-Yuzuki?
Could you take those out
to the storage shed for me?
Oh. Yeah.
And you, come with me.
I'd like to have a word.
[purring]
[AKAGAMI] All right.
What did you want to discuss?
[KIKI] Did something happen
between you two?
Well, um, actually...
[purrs]
You don't have to say more.
I see.
It's just a lovers' quarrel.
[AKAGAMI] Lovers?
She and I aren't in love.
[KIKI] Yeah, sure,
keep telling yourself that.
We did quarrel, though.
We were both being stubborn.
And somehow it escalated.
[sighs]
Tell me, Akagami.
What am I pointing at
right now?
-Your boobs.
-Right.
I'm pointing at me, Kiki.
Exactly. That's just
what I was trying to say.
I'm Kiki, but I'm also a nun,
head priest, and master.
A single person perceived
as many different things
by different people, although
as far as you're concerned,
I'm apparently nothing more
than a big pair of tits.
Eep!
[KIKI] "Point at the moon,
and you see a finger."
In other words,
people's attention
tends to be drawn
to the extended finger itself
rather than the moon
it's directed at.
Likewise, when I pointed
at my breasts,
I knew it would distract you.
Hey, you set me up!
[KIKI] You can't allow yourself
to lose sight of what matters.
A finger is a prominent signal,
but if you never look past it,
your gaze won't reach
the moon you should be paying
attention to.
Interesting.
But what does it mean?
Why don't you describe
Yuzuki to me?
Tell me how you see her.
[AKAGAMI]
Yuzuki, huh?
She's dependable.
A bit careless at times, maybe.
But still..
she's so positive
and well-adjusted.
She's certainly a much
stronger person than I am.
Perhaps you should take
a closer look, Akagami.
Huh?
-Hey, Kiki.
-[purring]
There's a guest here.
What's the purpose
of their visit?
They said
they're leaving the temple.
[Kiki gasps]
Providence!
What do you mean?!
They'll pay a ridan fee!
[KIKI] It's to remove
their family's grave
and express gratitude
before they leave!
[AKAGAMI] Shouldn't we be
unhappy that parishioners
are leaving the temple?
Right now, money
is the most important thing!
This is a blessing
from the Buddha!
[AKAGAMI] Her priorities
are totally out of whack!
What a golden opportunity.
I'll make them fork over
a hundred times more
than what they owe!
No, Master!
You can't do that!
[YUZUKI] They're
going to transfer their grave
to a temple
in their neighborhood.
[birds chirping]
The location's more convenient.
[KIKI] Please tell me
you demanded
a ridan fee from them!
[YUZUKI] Huh?
No, of course not.
[Kiki stutters]
That was Mother's policy.
She would never enforce
ridan fees.
-[Kiki sighs]
-They should be optional.
[KIKI]
It's a fair point, but still..
[YUZUKI]
When my mother was around,
they kept coming here
even though the location
wasn't ideal for them.
They said the way
things are now,
they can't trust
Mikazuki Temple.
♪
Obviously,
I'm nowhere near as good
at any of this
as my mother used to be.
I've been working really hard
and doing my very best
to earn everyone's trust here,
but apparently,
it wasn't good enough.
Well, all right, then!
I'll just have to work
even harder from now on!
[AKAGAMI]
Uh, Yuzuki?
[sighing]
Yuzuki, as of today,
I'm putting an end
to your training.
That's it. We're done.
Got it?
♪
[AKAGAMI]
Master, why?
[KIKI] You'll have to
figure it out on your own.
♪
[TSUKINA] Running a temple
can be quite difficult.
Why would you want to do that?
[YUZUKI]
Well, it's because I...
That's funny.
I can't remember
how I answered her.
[gasps]
[YUZUKI] I'd almost forgotten
I don't have training today.
[sighs]
Enough of that!
I don't have time
to be depressed.
After all, there's far too much
work to do around here!
I'm gonna start this new year
off the right way
by working hard
and doing my best!
[KURAGE]
Your best at what?
[YUZUKI]
Oh! Well, uh...
[MIA]
Committing harakiri and writing
your New Year's calligraphy
in blood, right?
Japan's more exotic
than I realized!
I wasn't planning on it, no.
[TSUKUYO] She means chores
like airing out the cushions,
maintaining the tatami mats,
and polishing
the Buddhist artifacts.
Yes, exactly. There are
plenty of other things
to do around a temple
besides training.
You're right.
But most of that stuff,
Akagami's been doing.
[TSUKUYO] Haven't you
noticed he's been
keeping the place
sparkling clean?
[KURAGE] As far as the cushions
and mats, he airs them out
on a regular basis.
[MIA]
Yeah, and I help him polish
whatever needs polishing!
[YUZUKI] Okay, but there's
still other work to be done!
[TSUKUYO] True,
but it won't take too long
if we work together.
Uh-huh. Hey, wait.
Where is Akagami?
[KAGURA] Kiki had
some business to tend to,
and he went with her.
-What for?
-Listen...
I'm curious too,
but I couldn't say.
My messages are all unread.
No matter how many I send.
So you have Akagami's number?
Why do you have
that information?
And more importantly,
why don't I have it?
[KURAGE]
I don't have it either,
and I suddenly
want it very badly.
[Both]
No fair!
That's funny,
because I have it.
Wait, why do you have it?
[Kagura laughing]
Oh, you know.
[KURAGE] It's truly unfair
for you to have a leg up
on the rest of us, you know.
[MIA] And it's all
because you conquered
Akagami first!
[TSUKUYO]
Before anything else,
let me clear that up!
[clamoring]
Help me out, Yuzu!
Yuzu?
[YUZUKI]
Leave it to Akagami.
So popular,
and he works so hard.
But hey,
I can do the same thing!
♪
[chiming]
[YUZUKI]
It really is sparkling.
Please, Akagami.
Believe me.
I know I'll figure out a way
to get through this!
[YUZUKI] That's right.
I have to do something.
After all, Mother could handle
everything on her own.
♪
[AKAGAMI]
Master! Please allow
Yuzuki to resume her training!
-I beg you!
-[KIKI] Oh, not here.
Must I really repeat myself?
As things stand,
Yuzuki is unfit.
[AKAGAMI] You're pretty unfit
to be the head priest
of a temple,
but that's not stopping you!
[KIKI] I can cut you off too,
you know.
Right now,
Yuzuki has some things
she needs to figure out
for herself.
Nothing to do with me.
[AKAGAMI]
Won't you reconsider?
[KIKI]
Take care of the check.
-Master, I beseech thee!
-[KIKI] Oh!
-It's raining.
-[phone buzzing]
-This is Ak... -[TSUKUYO]
Why haven't you been answering?
[AKAGAMI]
Tsukuyo?!
I'm sorry.
There's a lot going on!
Oh, you don't know
the half of it!
It's Yuzu.
She suddenly disappeared!
[gasps]
[Akagami panting]
[TSUKUYO] She was acting
kind of weird this morning.
Do you have any idea
where she went?
[AKAGAMI]
I have a bad feeling.
[KIKI]
So, Akagami...
why don't you describe
Yuzuki to me?
Tell me how you see her.
[AKAGAMI]
Yuzuki, huh?
She's dependable.
A bit careless at times, maybe.
But still...
she's so positive
and well-adjusted.
[Akagami panting]
So cold.
Now what?
[shuddering]
I think I have a fever.
[YUZUKI]
I need to try harder.
If I can't
do it all by myself...
people will never trust me.
I'll never be like Mother was.
♪
[Akagami panting]
[AKAGAMI] Damn it. Where else
could she have gone?!
Hold on.
[sobbing]
[YUZUKI]
She was strong and beautiful.
There was nothing
she couldn't do.
Everyone believed in her.
My mother was truly perfect.
[TSUKINA] I'm shutting down
Mikazuki Temple.
I want you all
to prepare to move.
Understand?
[YUZUKI] But why, Mother?
It's so sudden!
[TSUKINA]
The decision is final.
[YUZUKI]
Wait! Mother!
Allow me
to take over the temple!
[TSUKINA]
You want to take over?
[YUZUKI]
I...
You can't do it, Yuzuki.
[sobs]
[TSUKINA]
You can't save Mikazuki Temple.
♪
[YUZUKI]
Why can't I do it?
Tell me, Mother...
is it because
I'm not good enough?
Am I lacking in some way?
Then I'll work harder,
and harder, until I'm perfect.
[KIKI]
Yuzuki, as of today,
I'm putting an end
to your training.
[YUZUKI]
Harder and harder.
[TSUKINA]
You can't do it, Yuzuki!
[YUZUKI] Harder,
and harder, and harder still.
[TSUKINA]
You can't do it, Yuzuki.
[YUZUKI] So, please. Please
don't take the temple away.
[sobbing]
Come back, Mother.
[YUZUKI]
I'm so cold.
[Akagami panting]
[screaming and grunting]
[AKAGAMI] Could she be there?
Not a chance. No way!
I mean, it's Yuzuki.
She's strong.
Much stronger than I am.
[KIKI] Perhaps you should
take a closer look, Akagami.
Oh, it's you.
[AKAGAMI]
All this time...
what part of her
have I been looking at?
She faked a smile
when she was sad.
She acted tough
when she felt weak.
But the truth is, she's so...
♪
[YUZUKI]
You're so warm, Akagami.
No use.
Can't get up with this fever.
[snoring]
Akagami?!
[AKAGAMI]
Oh, Yuzuki, you're awake!
[YUZUKI]
Right, I need to apologize.
[AKAGAMI]
Okay, time to apologize.
[BOTH]
I'm so--
[Both scream]
[YUZUKI]
I'm sorry.
[AKAGAMI]
No. I'm sorry.
[Yuzuki laughs]
[Both laugh]
I feel like you and I
haven't talked in a while,
and I've really missed it.
Yeah, me too.
[YUZUKI]
You took care of me all night?
[AKAGAMI]
Until I passed out, anyway.
[YUZUKI]
I'm sorry.
[AKAGAMI]
What are you sorry for now?
[YUZUKI]
I just am.
[Yuzuki chuckling]
I'm surprised
you thought to look
for me under the bridge.
[AKAGAMI] Well, at first
I figured there was no chance
you'd do something as stupid
as I did.
But I talked to Kurage,
and she said you were,
and these are her words,
"a bumbling idiot."
[YUZUKI]
A bumbling idiot?
[AKAGAMI] You know, to be
perfectly honest with you,
that place carries
a lot of meaning for me.
The first key
to achieving enlightenment
is...
"No one should live alone."
When I was a kid
my father used to say that
all the time.
But in his case,
it wasn't anything
more than an excuse
to build a harem.
[chuckles]
[AKAGAMI] In time,
I came to hate that phrase.
So much so
that I promised myself
I would live alone.
But you put an end
to that idea.
Down underneath
that fateful bridge,
my entire world turned
upside-down.
Please, Yuzuki
I want you to include me
in your life.
[YUZUKI]
Akagami.
[AKAGAMI]
When I tried to be alone,
you refused to let me.
So I can't sit back now
and allow you
to do the same thing!
That's why I'm asking
you to recognize me
as one of the bonds
that you treasure.
[Yuzuki sobs feebly]
[YUZUKI] But you
shouldn't have to bear
this responsibility.
This is only happening...
[sobbing]
because I'm not good enough!
But you haven't done
anything wrong, Akagami.
You should be able to go do
whatever you want.
Yet you're so busy
all the time.
I cause you so much trouble.
I'm doing this
because I want to.
Because I love this temple.
Just like you love it, Yuzuki.
Well, it's because...I love
Mikazuki Temple.
[YUZUKI]
I remember now.
How could I forget
something so simple?
[YUZUKI]
Akagami?
Thank you.
[chuckles]
With all my heart.
[TSUKUYO]
We overheard everything!
[Yuzuki screaming]
How long were you there?!
Just long enough to listen in
while he put
one of these inside you.
What did he do?!
[AKAGAMI]
I put nothing inside no one!
Really, Yuzu.
Tsukuyo...
[ALL]
Stupid!
[Akagami screams]
[MIA] We were all
so worried about you!
[TSUKUYO] Seriously worried,
you know?
[KURAGE]
Tickle torture?
[KAGURA] Or would you prefer
pornographic DVD
punishment instead?
[muffled mumbling]
[TSUKUYO]
Yuzu. Listen up.
♪
Everybody here...
we all love Mikazuki Temple.
So you have no right to exclude
us from helping you.
You guys.
[TSUKUYO]
Though, actually...
on second thought,
maybe it's really you
who's being excluded here.
After all, you're the only one
who doesn't have
Akagami's number.
[YUZUKI]
Huh?
[whimpering]
-I wanna be included right now!
-[Akagami chuckles]
[all laugh]
Aren't you
surprisingly energetic?
[YUZUKI]
Kiki.
Um, Master.
I...
Kiki...I get it.
I understand now.
I figured out
what I lost sight of...
and why you stopped
my training.
When I couldn't live up
to my mother,
I panicked...
and worried what others
were thinking about me.
I wasn't focused
on my true goal.
Preserving everyone's
relationship with the temple.
So, please...
I humbly ask you...to resume
my training.
[sighs]
[AKAGAMI]
Master!
[KIKI]
Worry about your health first.
Then we'll pick up
your training
where we left off.
[Nyagosuke purring]
All right!
Thank you so very much!
-[girls laughing]
-[KURAGE] Oh, wait...
[KIKI] Settle down and get
some rest!
-[indistinct chatter]
-Good grief.
-[AKAGAMI] Kiki!
-[Nyagosuke purring]
-I wanna thank you--
-There's no need to thank me.
[AKAGAMI]
But, Master...
[indistinct chatter]
[KIKI] The selfish
desire for recognition
is the absolute farthest
one can possibly get
from achieving enlightenment.
Given time to think,
Yuzuki came to an important
realization
about how a head priest
should truly be.
That's that.
Nothing to do with me.
[chuckles]
Should you be up
and about already?
Yeah.
My fever's gone down now.
I've decided not to pursue
an outside job.
I'm going to ask
our parishioners
to offer donations
toward the repairs
on the principal figure.
[AKAGAMI] I'm not sure
they'll chip in so easily.
It may be difficult.
I agree with you.
And that's why
I sacrificed myself,
thinking that it was
the best way
to protect the temple.
Right.
But I was so wrong.
When you obtain something
through that kind of sacrifice,
it ends up being unsustainable.
-[chuckles]
-Huh?
[YUZUKI] The fifth key
to achieving enlightenment
is, "Don't run away
from your weaknesses."
From this point on, we're
all going to work together.
That's right. Well said.
[birds chirping]
[AKAGAMI]
You forgot something.
[TSUKUYO]
Ah, thank you.
Huh? Hey!
Ah!
Whoops!
Sorry!
-[KURAGE] You meant to.
-[TSUKUYO] Oh, please.
Don't be ridiculous!
[screams]
[KURAGE]
Akagami?
-Where's my goodbye kiss?
-[Nyagosuke meows]
We'll talk about this
at the family meeting.
Now, Kurage,
if you start teasing me, too,
I don't know
what I'll do with myself!
Akagami, you big dummy.
Dummy, dummy, dummy,
dumb-dumb dummy!
-Mia! You ready?
-[Nyagosuke meows]
[MIA]
I'll be right there!
-[Akagami grunts]
-[Mia screams]
-[Mia chuckles]
-[Akagami groans]
Uh. Sorry, Akagami!
Are you okay?
-[AKAGAMI] Yeah, I think...
-[Nyagosuke purrs]
[AKAGAMI]
Aw, man, that smarts.
It's nighttime, already?!
[growling]
Baby! You need a suckle?
No, thank you!
Mia, calling on our
parishioners is important.
We can't get a late start.
Right! Got it!
Best of luck today, Mia!
You'll do great!
[YUZUKI]
Good morning, everybody.
I'll be back later, okay?
Yeah. Take care of yourself!
Also. While I'm gone,
I was just wondering if--
Don't you worry.
[AKAGAMI] I got the chores.
The temple's in good hands.
Yes, of course. Well,
I'll be counting on you, then!
Right!
[KURAGE] You know,
Yuzuki is the only one
who didn't have a lewd
experience this morning.
[YUZUKI] Kurage!
Where did that come from?
[TSUKUYO]
Hey, don't speak too soon.
I mean, you never know.
♪
-[Yuzuki screams]
-[TSUKUYO] There, you see?
[screams]
Desires, begone!
-[girls laughing]
-[YUZUKI] Really! Akagami
you are such a dummy!